# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 6**
1. **Consider the GBN protocol with a sender window size of 4 and a sequence number range of 1,024. Suppose that at time t, the next in-order packet that the receiver is expecting has a sequence number of k. Assume that the medium does not reorder messages. Answer the following questions: 
   a. What are the possible sets of sequence numbers inside the sender’s window at time t? Justify your answer.
   b. What are all possible values of the ACK field in all possible messages currently propagating back to the sender at time t? Justify your answer.**

a: Suppose the receiver has received packet k-1. If all of these ACK's have been received by sender, then sender's window is [k, k+N-1].  Suppose next that none of the ACKs have been received at the sender.  In this second case, the sender's window contains k-1 and the N packets up to and including k-1.  The sender's window is thus [k-N,k-1]. The possible sets of sequence numbers inside the sender's window at time t is [k-N,k].
b: If the receiver is waiting for packet k, it has received packet k-1 and the N-1 packets before that.The ACK messages with values of [k-N,k-1] may still be propagating back.Because the sender has sent packets [k-N, k-1], it must be the case that the sender has already received an ACK for k-N-1. Once the receiver has sent an ACK for k-N-1 it will never send an ACK that is less that k-N-1.  Thus the range of in-flight ACK values can range from k-N-1 to k-1.

2. **Answer true or false to the following questions and briefly justify your answer:
   a. With the SR protocol, it is possible for the sender to receive an ACK for a packet that falls outside of its current window.
   b. With GBN, it is possible for the sender to receive an ACK for a packet that falls outside of its current window.
   c. The alternating-bit protocol is the same as the SR protocol with a sender and receiver window size of 1.
   d. The alternating-bit protocol is the same as the GBN protocol with a sender and receiver window size of 1.**  

a: True. If the sender send pk0, pk1, pk2, pk3 at time t, at time t1, the receiver ACK those packets. When the sender times out, it will resend its packets and the receiver sends ACK of those packets. Then the sender can receive a packet that falls outside of its current window.
b: True. The theory is like **a**.
c: True. The window size of 1 precludes the possibility of out-of-order packets.
d: True. The window size of 1 precludes the possibility of out-of-order packets.

3. **Consider transferring an enormous file of L bytes from Host A to Host B. Assume an MSS of 536 bytes.
  a. What is the maximum value of L such that TCP sequence numbers are not exhausted? Recall that the TCP sequence number field has 4 bytes.
  b. For the L you obtain in (a), find how long it takes to transmit the file. Assume that a total of 66 bytes of transport, network, and data-link header are added to each segment before the resulting packet is sent out over a 155 Mbps link. Ignore flow control and congestion control so A can pump out the segments back to back and continuously.**  

a: The sequence number increments by the number of bytes of data sent. So the maximum value of L is the power 32 of 2.
b: The number of segment is 8012999, with a total of 66 bytes of transport, network, and data-link header are added to each segment, the total packet sended is 528857934 bytes. So the time to transmit the file is 249 seconds.