# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 11**
1. **Describe how loops in paths can be detected in BGP.**

A: BGP can get reachability information to all AS-internal routers including the destination. If BGP receives a route that contains its own AS number in the AS path, the loop in paths is detected. 

2. **Consider the following network. ISP B provides national backbone service to regional ISP A. ISP C provides national backbone service to regional ISP D. Each ISP consists of one AS. B and C peer with each other in two places using BGP. Consider traffic going from A to D. B would prefer to hand that traffic over to C on the West Coast (so that C would have to absorb the cost of carrying the traffic cross-country), while C would prefer to get the traffic via its East Coast peering point with B (so that B would have carried the traffic across the country). What BGP mechanism might C use, so that B would hand over A-to-D traffic at its East Coast peering point? To answer this question, you will need to dig into the BGP specification.**

A: C only advertise its route to D via its east coast peering point.

3. **Suppose ASs X and Z are not directly connected but instead are connected by AS Y. Further suppose that X has a peering agreement with Y, and that Y has a peering agreement with Z. Finally, suppose that Z wants to transit all of Y’s traffic but does not want to transit X’s traffic. Does BGP allow Z to implement this policy?**

A: If Z want to transit all of Y's traffic, Z has to advertise its route to Y. However Y can re-advertize those routes to X. X's traffic may transit through Z. It's not allowed for Z to implement this policy.

4. **In Section 5.7, we saw that it was preferable to transport SNMP messages in unreliable UDP datagrams. Why do you think the designers of SNMP chose UDP rather than TCP as the transport protocol of choice for SNMP?**

A: If the network is congested, the congestion control of TCP protocol will cause the SNMP messages to stop and back-off. That's not what the designers want to see.