# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 8**
1. **Consider the network below.
a. Show the forwarding table in router A, such that all traffic destined to host
H3 is forwarded through interface 3.
b. Can you write down a forwarding table in router A, such that all traffic
from H1 destined to host H3 is forwarded through interface 3, while all
traffic from H2 destined to host H3 is forwarded through interface 4?
(Hint: This is a trick question.)**

a: The data destined to host H3 is forwarded through interface 3.
b: No, because forwarding rule is only based on destination address.

2. **Consider the switch shown below. Suppose that all datagrams have the same fixed length, that the switch operates in a slotted, synchronous manner, and that in one time slot a datagram can be transferred from an input port to an output port. The switch fabric is a crossbar so that at most one datagram can be transferred to a given output port in a time slot, but different output ports can receive datagrams from different input ports in a single time slot. What is the minimal number of time slots needed to transfer the packets shown from input ports to their output ports, assuming any input queue scheduling order you want (i.e., it need not have HOL blocking)? What is the largest number of slots needed, assuming the worst-case scheduling order you can devise, assuming that a non-empty input queue is never idle?**

A: Slot1: We can send X at the top and Y at the middle; Slot2: We can then send X at the middle and Y at the bottom; Slot3: We can finally send Z at the bottom. The minimal number of time slots is 3. Largest number of slots is still 3. The first time slot always consists of sending X in the top input queue and Y in either middle or bottom input queue, and in the second time slot, we can always send two more datagram, and the last datagram can be sent in third time slot.

3. **Consider the figure below. Answer the following questions:
a. Assuming FIFO service, indicate the time at which packets 2 through 12 each leave the queue. For each packet, what is the delay between its arrival and the beginning of the slot in which it is transmitted? What is the average of this delay over all 12 packets?
b. Now assume a priority service, and assume that odd-numbered packets are high priority, and even-numbered packets are low priority. Indicate the time at which packets 2 through 12 each leave the queue. For each packet, what is the delay between its arrival and the beginning of the slot in which it is transmitted? What is the average of this delay over all 12 packets?
c. Now assume round robin service. Assume that packets 1, 2, 3, 6, 11, and 12 are from class 1, and packets 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, and 10 are from class 2. Indicate the time at which packets 2 through 12 each leave the queue. For each packet, what is the delay between its arrival and its departure? What is the average delay over all 12 packets?
d. Now assume weighted fair queueing (WFQ) service. Assume that oddnumbered packets are from class 1, and even-numbered packets are from class 2. Class 1 has a WFQ weight of 2, while class 2 has a WFQ weight of 1. Note that it may not be possible to achieve an idealized WFQ schedule as described in the text, so indicate why you have chosen the particular packet to go into service at each time slot. For each packet what is the delay between its arrival and its departure? What is the average delay over all 12 packets?
e. What do you notice about the average delay in all four cases (FIFO, RR, priority, and WFQ)?**

a: 0+1+1+2+2+2+3+2+3+2+2+3 = 23 average delay = 23/12
b: 0+2+0+5+0+5+1+4+0+3+0+3 = 23 average delay = 23/12
c: 0+2+3+0+0+4+2+2+4+4+0+2 = 23 average delay = 23/12
d: 0+2+0+4+0+5+1+4+1+3+0+3 = 23 average delay = 23/12
e: average delay = 23/12

4. **Consider a datagram network using 8-bit host addresses. Suppose a router uses longest prefix matching and has the following forwarding table: 
For each of the four interfaces, give the associated range of destination host addresses and the number of addresses in the range.**
    
       * interface 0: 00000000 to 00111111   number of addresses = 64
         interface 1: 01000000 to 01011111   number of addresses = 32
         interface 2: 01100000 to 01111111   
                      10000000 to 10111111   number of addresses = 96
         interface 3: 11000000 to 11111111   number of addresses = 96