Homework

Index：

[TOC]



## Homework 3

### Question 1: Chapter 2 Problem 11

Consider the scenario introduced in the previous problem. Now suppose that the link is shared by Bob with four other users. Bob uses parallel instances of non-persistent HTTP, and the other four users use non-persistent HTTP without parallel downloads.

a. Do Bob’s parallel connections help him get Web pages more quickly? Why or why not?

b. If all five users open five parallel instances of non-persistent HTTP, then would Bob’s parallel connections still be beneficial? Why or why not?

answer:

a. Yes. Because parallel  connections let Bob hog more bandwidth.  Then, with more bandwidth, he gets more throughput . For example, if Bob opens n parallel connections, its throughput is n/(n+4) of the total bandwidth, that's quite a lot.

b. They' re still be beneficial. Because if he doesn't oen parallel connections, his throughput would be less than other's.



### Question 3: Chapter 2 Problem 15

What is the difference between MAIL FROM: in SMTP and From: in the mail message itself?

answer:

MAIL FROM: in SMTP points the IP address of the MAIL sender, when the From: in the mail message is a part of the mail body, which is written by the sender himself.  

### Question 2: Chapter 2 Problem 16

How does SMTP mark the end of a message body? How about HTTP? Can HTTP use the same method as SMTP to mark the end of a message body? Explain.

answer: 

SMTP uses CRLF.CRLF to mark the end of a message body. 

HTTP uses the Content in the header content-Length line to identify the Length of the body and determine the endpoint of the data.  

No. Because SMTP messages must be ASCII, but HTTP messages are binary encoded, they' re not the same.



### Question 3: Chapter 2 Problem 20

Suppose you can access the caches in the local DNS servers of your department. Can you propose a way to roughly determine the Web servers (outside your department) that are most popular among the users in your department? Explain.

answer:

Yes. For example, the system can collects the IP addresses of Web servers that appear in the cache every hour, then it will collects the data of the whole day. Repeating these actions for a few days, the server that appears most frequently is the most popular Web server.  



