1. telnet mail.hust.edu.cn 25

   ```
   220 mx1.hust.edu.cn ESMTP Smtpd; Sun, 6 Mar 2022 21:27:39 +0800 
   ```

     

2. telnet cs.hust.edu.cn 80

   ```
   GET /index.htm HTTP/1.1 
   host:cs.hust.edu.cn   
   ```

   ```
   HTTP/1.1 200 OK
   Date: Sun, 06 Mar 2022 13:36:29 GMT
   Server: ******
   X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
   Last-Modified: Fri, 04 Mar 2022 01:21:39 GMT
   Accept-Ranges: bytes
   Content-Length: 26652
   Cache-Control: max-age=600                         
   Expires: Sun, 06 Mar 2022 13:46:29 GMT                                       
   Vary: Accept-Encoding                                                         
   ETag: "681c-5d95a5630c80f-gzip"                                               
   Content-Type: text/html                                                       
   Content-Language: zh-CN 
   ```

   ​           

3. P6. This elementary problem begins to explore propagation delay and transmission delay, wo central concepts in data networking. Consider two hosts, A and B, connected by a single link of rate R bps. Suppose that the two hosts are separated by m meters, and suppose the propagation speed along the link is s meters/sec. Host A is to send a packet of size L bits to Host B.
   a. Express the propagation delay, $d_{prop}$, in terms of m and s.

   $d_{prop}$=$\frac{m}{s}$

   b. Determine the transmission time of the packet, $d_{trans}$, in terms of L and R.

   $d_{trans}=\frac{L}{R}$

   c. Ignoring processing and queuing delays, obtain an expression for the end-to-
   end delay.

   $d_{end-to-end}=\frac{m}{s}+\frac{L}{R}$

   d. Suppose Host A begins to transmit the packet at time t = 0. At time t =
   $d_{trans}$, where is the last bit of the packet?

   At the begin of link.

   e. Suppose $d_{prop}$ is greater than dtrans. At time t = $d_{trans}$, where is the first
   bit of the packet?

   Hasn't arrived at host B.

   f. Suppose $d_{prop}$ is less than $d_{trans}$. At time t = $d_{trans}$, where is the first bit of
   the packet?

   Arriving at host B.

   g. Suppose s = 2.5$\cdot$108, L = 1500 bytes, and R = 10 Mbps. Find the
   distance m so that $d_{prop}$ equals $d_{trans}$.

   $m=s\frac{L}{R}$= 575713m



4. P12

   A packet switch receives a packet and determines the outbound link to which
   the packet should be forwarded. When the packet arrives, one other packet is
   halfway done being transmitted on this outbound link and four other packets are
   waiting to be transmitted. Packets are transmitted in order of arrival. Suppose
   all packets are 1,500 bytes and the link rate is 2.5 Mbps. What is the queuing
   delay for the packet? More generally, what is the queuing delay when all packets
   have length L, the transmission rate is R, x bits of the currently-being-transmitted
   packet have been transmitted, and n packets are already in the queue?

   $d_{queue}=\frac{4.5\times1500}{2.5\times2^{20}}$=0.00257s

   $d_{queue}=\frac{x+nL}{R}$

   