# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 7**
1. **Consider Figure 3.61. Assuming TCP Reno is the protocol experiencing the behavior shown above, answer the following questions. In all cases, you should provide a short discussion justifying your answer.
    a. Identify the intervals of time when TCP slow start is operating.
    b. Identify the intervals of time when TCP congestion avoidance is operating.
    c. After the 16th transmission round, is segment loss detected by a triple duplicate ACK or by a timeout?
    d. After the 22nd transmission round, is segment loss detected by a triple duplicate ACK or by a timeout?
    e. What is the initial value of ssthresh at the first transmission round?
    f. What is the value of ssthresh at the 18th transmission round?
    g. What is the value of ssthresh at the 24th transmission round?
    h. During what transmission round is the 70th segment sent?
    i. Assuming a packet loss is detected after the 26th round by the receipt of a triple duplicate ACK, what will be the values of the congestion window size and of ssthresh?
    j. Suppose TCP Tahoe is used (instead of TCP Reno), and assume that triple duplicate ACKs are received at the 16th round. What are the ssthresh and the congestion window size at the 19th round?
    k. Again suppose TCP Tahoe is used, and there is a timeout event at 22nd round. How many packets have been sent out from 17th round till 22nd round, inclusive?**

a: TCP slow start is when connection begins, increase rate exponentially until first loss event. So the intervals is [1,6] and [23,26].
b: According to AIMD, **Additive Increase: increase  cwnd by 1 MSS every RTT until loss detected Multiplicative Decrease: cut cwnd in half after loss**,the intervals is [6,16] and [17,22].
c: Packet loss is recognized by a triple duplicate ACK.
d: Segment loss is detected by a timeout, the congestion window size is set to 1. 
e: At a window size that slow start stops and congestion avoidance begins, the initial value of ssthresh is 32.
f: When loss is detected during transmission round 16, the congestion windows size is 42. The ssthresh is 21 during the 18th transmission round.
g: The same as f. The ssthresh is 14 during the 24th transmission round.
h: During the 1st transmission round, packet 1 is sent; two packet are sent in the 2nd transmission round; four packets 4-7 are sent in the 3rd transmission round; eight packets 8-15 are sent in the 4th transmission round; sixteen packets 16-31 are sent in the 5th transmission round; thirty-two packets 32-63 are sent in the 6th transmission round; thirty-two packets 64 – 96 are sent in the 7th transmission round.  Thus packet 70 is sent in the 7th transmission round.
i: The window size is 7 and the ssthresh is 4 ( half of 8 ).
j: The ssthresh is 21, however the window size is 1 as TCP Tahoe always sets cwnd to 1 (timeout or 3 duplicate acks).
k: In the round 17, 1 packet; round 18, 2 packets; round 19, 4 packets; round 20, 8 packets; round 21, 16 packets; round 22, 21 packets. So, the total number is 52. 

2. **Consider sending a large file from a host to another over a TCP connection that has no loss.
    a. Suppose TCP uses AIMD for its congestion control without slow start. Assuming cwnd increases by 1 MSS every time a batch of ACKs is received and assuming approximately constant round-trip times, how long does it take for cwnd increase from 6 MSS to 12 MSS (assuming no loss events)?
    b. What is the average throughput (in terms of MSS and RTT) for this connection up through time = 6 RTT?**

a: 6 RTTs.
b: In the first RTT, 6 MSS is sent, then 7 MSS is sent in the second RTT ... So 6+7+8+9+10+11 = 51 MSS. The average throughput is 51/6 = 8.5MSS/RTT.