## Week4 Homework

### Chapter 2 Problem 26

**question:**

Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers (so called free-riding).
a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?
b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

**Answer:**

1. Yes.  Bob claims is possible, Bob could receive data through optimistic unchoking by other peers.
    Because, in P2P the data is transmitted by exchanging file chunks with peers in torrent. Bob could upload and data to any other peers, and still receive other peers' data until receive a complete copy.
2.  He can let each computer "free-ride", and combine the received chunks by the different computers into a complete copy file. With this method, Bob could make his "free-riding" more efficient.

### Chapter 2 Problem 28

**question:**

Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.
a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens? Why?
b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens? Why?
c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server sides?

**Answer:**

1. The TCPClient will fail to connect the server and the TCPClient program will end because of the following error of connect. And  TCPServer will not receive the message from the TCPClient.
    Because the client send the connect message before the server side program run, the require of the connect can't be received by server side. And the client side will report the error of failing to connect when timeout.

    The error of the TCPClient will happen:

    ```
    Traceback (most recent call last):
      File "D:\study\python\codes\computer networking\UDPClient.py", line 13, in <module>
        clientSocket.connect((serverName, serverPort))
    ConnectionRefusedError: [WinError 10061] Failed to connect because the target computer actively rejected it.
    ```

2. The UDPServer will not receive any message. And at the UDPClient, nothing  will happen.
    Because UDP don't need to build connection, the client don't know if the message is send to the server, and noting to do but waiting to receive the reply. The server don't receive any message, and noting to do but waiting to receive a message.
3. In TCP,  the client side end of the program for the failure of building a TCP connecting server side.
    In UDP, the server side will not receive any message; and at the client, nothing  will happen.
