# P26

> Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers(so called free-riding)
>
> a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob's claim possible? Why or why not?
>
> b. Bob further claims that he can further make his "free-riding" more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers(with distinct IP address) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

a.	Yes. His first claim is possible, as long as there are enough peers staying in the swarm for a long enough time. Bob can always receive data through optimistic un-choking by other peers

b.	 His second claim is also true. He can run a client on each host, let each client “free-ride,” and combine the collected chunks from the different hosts into a single file. He can even write a small scheduling program to make the different hosts ask for different chunks of the file. 

# P28

> Install and compile the Python programs TCP Client and UDP Client on one host and TCP Server and UDP server on another host
>
> a. Suppose you run TCP Client before you run TCP Server. What happens? Why?
>
> b. Suppose you run UDP Client before you run UDP Server. What happens? Why?
>
> c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server sides?

a.	If you run TCP Client first, then the client will attempt to make a TCP connection with a non-existent server process. A TCP connection will not be made.
b.	UDP Client doesn't establish a TCP connection with the server. Thus, everything should work fine if you first run UDP Client, then run UDP Server, and then type some input into the keyboard.
c.	 If you use different port numbers, then the client will attempt to establish a TCP connection with the wrong process or a non-existent process. Errors will occur.