Homework 04

[TOC]

### Question 1  Chapter 2 Problem 26

Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers (so called free-riding). 

a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not? 

b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

answer:

a. Yes, it's possible. Because the BitTorrent torrent has a process of channeling. During the channeling process, it's possible for Bob to have a chance that he will be selected by a node to retrieve the data. Then, Bob can receive a complete copy of the file that is share by the storm.

b. For he has a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP address), it means that he can divide the whole file into several parts. Then he can use these computers to get every part of the destination file. As a result, all the parts requested from the computers combine into a complete file. So he can further make his “free-riding” more efficient.



### Question 2  Chapter 2 Problem 28

In the circular DHT example in Section 2.6.2, suppose that a new peer 6 wants to join the DHT and peer 6 initially only knows peer 15’s IP address. What steps are taken?

1. Peer 6 would send peer 15 a message, which says that  "what will be peer 6's predecessor and successor?". 
2. The message would get forwarded through the DHT until it reached peer 5, who realized that it will be 6's predecessor and that its current successor, peer 8, would become 6's successor.
3. Then, peer 5 sended the predecessor and successor information back to peer 6.
4. Peer 6 could join the DHT by making peer 8 its successor and by notifying peer 5 that it should change its immediate successor to peer 6. 