## Problem 26

### Question

Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers (so called free-riding).

1. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?
2. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that

### Solution

1. Yes. His first claim is possible, as long as there are enough peers staying in the swarm for a long enough time. Bob can always receive data through optimistic un-choking by other peers
2.  His second claim is also true. He can run a client on each host, let each client “free-ride,” and combine the collected chunks from the different hosts into a single file. He can even write a small scheduling program to make the different hosts ask for different chunks of the file. This is actually a kind of Sybil attack in P2P networks.

---

## Problem 28

### Question 

Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.

1. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens? Why?
2. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens? Why?
3. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server sides?

### Solution

1. If I run TCPClient before TCPServer there will be no connection because there was no handshake to confirm the connection.
2. The UDPClient could still connect because there is no handshake process necessary and it will keep trying to communicate the connection. This is bad though because it could cause loss of packets or packets out of order.
3. There will be no connection because the client and server will be looking for each other in different “locations.”