#### P 26

<font color="gray">Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any  data to any other peers (so called free-riding). </font>

<font color="gray">a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared  by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?</font>

 Possible.

1. A peer will choose a random neighbor to share its part every 30 seconds, so even if you won't be the most active in uploading for them you will get the whole file provided with enough time.

2. Because he can simulate many requests at his host thus the downloading speed can get guaranteed and at the same time, he can refuse to share packets with other peers to cause a complete downloading. However, it's unfair to other peers in this torrent , which might bring P2P network to destruction.



<font color="gray"> b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more  efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP  addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?</font>

  With multiple computers, he can download different parts of a file in different computers and combine these to form a entire file. In this way, every computer will decrease their downloading tasks and thus increase the efficiency of the whole downloading.



#### P 28

<font color="gray">Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one  host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host. </font>

<font color="gray">a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens?  Why?</font>

There will be an exception. As the sever is missing, client is unable to make a handshaking or transfer its packet.



<font color="gray"> b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens?  Why?</font>

Sever will send its packet to specified host and port. But as there is no server, service won't be provided either, client can's receive a message from server.



<font color="gray"> c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server  sides?</font>

With different port numbers, clients are unable to find the server causing disconnection with the server. And similarly, client will send its message with UDP protocol but in TCP, it will end in the handshaking with the server.