# Homework Week5  
### Mar 14  

Chapter 2  
- P26. Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers (so called free-riding).  
a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared
by the swarm. Is Bob's claim possible? Why or why not?  
b. Bob further claims that he can further make his "free-riding" more
efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP
addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?  

- Solution:  
a. Yes. It's possible because there may be plenty of peers in the swarm so that he can receive a complete copy of the file.  
b. He may run client in each computer to receive different chunks and finally combine all chunks into a complete copy of the file.

- P28. Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.  
a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens?
Why?  
b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens?
Why?  
c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server
sides?  

- Solution:  
a. The connection will be rejected if the TCPClient is run first because in TCP connection, server should run first and wait for clients to connect.  
b. Nothing strange will happen if UDPClient is run first because client will not establish a TCP connection with the server.  
c. Some errors will occur because the client is trying to connect to a wrong port, which is a nonexistant process or other running process.

