> P26. Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any  data to any other peers (so called free-riding). 
>
> a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared  by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not? 
>
> b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more  efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

a. Yes, It is possible. When there are enough peers for a long enough time, all the chunks will be received by other peers. And they will exchange chunks. After a long enough time, Bob can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. And Bob can always receive it through optimistic unchoking by other peers.

b. Yes. He can run a client on each computer, and combine the collected chunks into a complete file.

***

> P28. Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one  host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host. 
>
> a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens?  Why? 
>
> b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens?  Why? 
>
> c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server  sides?

a. The client will attempt to make a TCP connection and the connection will not be made. Because server is not exist.

b. The program will work fine. Because UDPClient doesn’t make a connection with the server when running UDPClient first.

c. If use different port, the client will try to connect to a wrong or non-existent process. That is to say, the client will not connect to the server.

