# Homework of week 5

## Chapter 2, P26

*Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any
data to any other peers (so called free-riding).*  
*a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared
by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?*  
*b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more
efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP
addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?*

Answer a: It is nearly impossible, due to the tit-for-tat mechanism. A single
client is not possible to keep downloading with uploading none or a little
content (leeching).

Answer b: It is possible. As we all know, one cannot upload anything before it
downloads at lease one piece of content (chunk). The BitTorrent network will
first allow a client to download some content before restricting it. In case
of possessing lots of IP addresses, Bob will be able to pretend that there are
lots of different clients which download separate parts of file then reassemble
them.

## Chapter 2, P28

*Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one
host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.*  
*a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens?
Why?*  
*b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens?
Why?*  
*c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server
sides?*

Answer a: `Connection refused` will happen. This is because on the other side
(server), there is nothing listening the corresponding port. Thus a connection
could not be established.

Answer b: The client sent data successfully, but the server will never receive
it. This is because that UDP is connectionless - no connection will be
established before any data is transmitted, and there is no way to know whether
the data sent was received by the other side or not.

Answer c: The counterpart will either receiving `Connection refused` (see
answer a above) or the data will never be received (see answer b above).
