# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 4**  
1. **Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers (so called free-riding).
a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?
b. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?**  

a: Bob's claim is possible, he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm through the method of optimistic choking as long as he stays in the swarm for a long time.  
b: Bob can run a client on each computer host and make his "free-riding" to get chunks from the swarm by making each clients "free-riding". Then he collects these chunks, making it more efficient.  

2. **Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.
a. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens? Why?
b. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens? Why?
c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server sides?**  

a: The TCPClient will try to connect a TCPServer that is not exist. The connection will fail.  
b: As the UDP doesn't need a connection between TCP client and server, it can run successfully.  
c: The client will try to connect a server that has that wrong and unfit port numbers. The connection will fail.