# 2020302111389_王楚



### P26

> Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any data to any other peers(so called free-riding)
>
> a. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared by the swarm. Is Bob's claim possible? Why or why not?
>
> b. Bob further claims that he can further make his "free-riding" more efficient by using a collection of multiple computers(with distinct IP address) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

a.	Yes. His first claim is possible. When there are enough peers staying in the swarm for a long enough time.He can always receive data through optimistic un-choking by other peers

b.	 Yes. He can run a client on each host, let each client “free-ride,” and combine the collected chunks from the different hosts into a single file. 

### P28

> Install and compile the Python programs TCP Client and UDP Client on one host and TCP Server and UDP server on another host
>
> a. Suppose you run TCP Client before you run TCP Server. What happens? Why?
>
> b. Suppose you run UDP Client before you run UDP Server. What happens? Why?
>
> c. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server sides?

a.	If  run TCP Client first, then the client will attempt to make a TCP connection with a non-existent server process. A TCP connection will not be made.
b.	The program will work fine. Because UDPClient doesn’t make a connection with the server when running UDPClient first.
c.	 If  use different port numbers, then the client will attempt to establish a TCP connection with the wrong process or a non-existent process. 