# <center> 计算机网络 </center> #
## 第五周作业 ##



>  <strong>P26</strong> . Suppose Bob joins a BitTorrent torrent, but he does not want to upload any 
data to any other peers (so called free-riding).<br>
<strong>a</strong>. Bob claims that he can receive a complete copy of the file that is shared 
by the swarm. Is Bob’s claim possible? Why or why not?<br>
<strong>b</strong>. Bob further claims that he can further make his “free-riding” more 
efficient by using a collection of multiple computers (with distinct IP 
addresses) in the computer lab in his department. How can he do that?

<strong>
a.It is possible because the P2P server has been distributing blocks of files to all its clients that it does not have, and as long as it takes, it may get the complete file only from the server.<br>
b.These computers join BitTorrent, and each informs the other of the blocks it has, so that all the computers collectively get the blocks from the server that they don't have, and then send them to Bob's computer once they have all the blocks
</strong>

><strong>P28</strong>. Install and compile the Python programs TCPClient and UDPClient on one 
host and TCPServer and UDPServer on another host.<br>
<strong>a</strong>. Suppose you run TCPClient before you run TCPServer. What happens? 
Why?<br>
<strong>b</strong>. Suppose you run UDPClient before you run UDPServer. What happens? 
Why?<br>
<strong>c</strong>. What happens if you use different port numbers for the client and server 
sides?  

<strong>
a.The TCP connection fails because the server is not started, and the client cannot be started<br>
b.The UDP connection does not require both the client and server to be enabled at the same time. Therefore, the user sends the packet. However, the user cannot receive the packet from the server because the UDP connection is disabled<br>
c.For TCP, the client fails to start because the connection cannot be established
For the UDP, the user can send packets, but the server cannot receive them. Therefore, the user cannot receive the packets from the server
</strong>

     
